1. The ELF magic numbers are an array of bytes that specify how to interpret 
the file. They are 3x7f, 'E', 'L' and 'F'.

2. The difference between UIO_USERISPACE and UIO_USERSPACE is that 
UIO_USERISPACE contains user process code and UIO_USERSPACE contains user
process data. One should use UIO_SYSSPACE instead when source or destination
of data transfer is in the kernel space.

3. The struct uio is allocated on the stack in load_segment because uio.iovec
will be filled with the pointer of iovec - pointer of the virtual memory and
the size to be store.

4. It is important to call vfs_close() or we will lose the pointer to the file
and possibly have memory leak so that we might never be able to close it.

5. The function forces the processor to switch into usermode is mips_usermode.
This function is machine dependent.

6. Copyin and copyout are defined in copyinout.h. Memmove is defined in 
string.h. Copyin and copyout can't be implemented as simply as memmove because 
copyin and copyout ensure the copied user pointers are valid.

7. The purpose of userptr_t is to point to a one-byte struct so that it won't
mix with other kind of pointers.

8. The numerical value of the exception code for a MIPS system call is 8.

9. The number of bytes in an instruction in MIPS is 4 bytes.

10. I "probably want to change" the implementation of kill_curthread() 
because I don't want kernel to panic when user-level code hits a fatal fault.

11. To implement a system call that took more than 4 arguments, user-level
stack would be required.

12. The purpose of the SYSCALL macro is to load the syscall number into v0
and jump to the shared syscall code.

13. The MIPS instruction that actually triggers a system call is syscall.

14. The first argument can be found in a0, the second argument can be found
in a2/a3 and the third argument can be found in the user-level stack. The
64-bit offset is returned in v0 and v1.

15. To open a file, vfs_open is called. To read a file, VOP_READ is called;
to write a file, VOP_WRITE is called. To represent an open file, struct vnode
is used.

16. The purpose of VOP_INCREF and VOP_DECREF is to increment and decrement
refcount, so that once it's 0, we can safely free the object.
